#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
asdf==3.0.1
    # via
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-coordinates-schemas
    #   gwcs
asdf-astropy==0.5.0
    # via gwcs
asdf-coordinates-schemas==0.2.0
    # via asdf-astropy
asdf-standard==1.0.3
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-transform-schemas
    #   asdf-unit-schemas
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-transform-schemas==0.4.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-unit-schemas==0.1.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-wcs-schemas
asdf-wcs-schemas==0.2.0
    # via gwcs
astropy==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   gwcs
    #   photutils
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   hypothesis
    #   pytest-astropy
    #   rasterio
bottleneck==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via rasterio
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
comm==0.2.0
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.3.2
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fonttools==4.44.3
    # via matplotlib
gwcs==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hypothesis==6.89.0
    # via pytest-astropy
imageio==2.32.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via asdf
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.17.2
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via asdf
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astropy
    #   bottleneck
    #   contourpy
    #   gwcs
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   photutils
    #   pyerfa
    #   pytest-arraydiff
    #   rasterio
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   snuggs
    #   tifffile
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   asdf-astropy
    #   astropy
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-doctestplus
    #   pytest-remotedata
    #   scikit-image
pandas==2.1.3
    # via seaborn
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
photutils==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyerfa==2.0.1.1
    # via astropy
pygments==2.17.1
    # via ipython
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   snuggs
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   pytest-arraydiff
    #   pytest-astropy
    #   pytest-astropy-header
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-doctestplus
    #   pytest-filter-subpackage
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-remotedata
pytest-arraydiff==0.6.0
    # via pytest-astropy
pytest-astropy==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-astropy-header==0.2.2
    # via pytest-astropy
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via pytest-astropy
pytest-doctestplus==1.0.0
    # via pytest-astropy
pytest-filter-subpackage==0.1.2
    # via pytest-astropy
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via pytest-astropy
pytest-remotedata==0.4.1
    # via pytest-astropy
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   asdf
    #   astropy
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
rasterio==1.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gwcs
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via asdf
shapely==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.9.26
    # via scikit-image
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
wcwidth==0.2.10
    # via prompt-toolkit
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
